Node template love (#6560)
paritytech/substrate: bin/node-template/README.md

[![Substrate Playground](https://img.shields.io/badge/Playground-node_template-brightgreen?logo=Parity%20Substrate)](https://playground-staging.substrate.dev/?deploy=node-template)

# Substrate Node Template

A new FRAME-based Substrate node, ready for hacking :rocket:

## Local Development

Follow these steps to prepare a local Substrate development environment :hammer_and_wrench:

### Simple Setup

Install all the required dependencies with a single command (be patient, this can take up
to 30 minutes).

```bash
curl https://getsubstrate.io -sSf | bash -s -- --fast
```

### Manual Setup

Find manual setup instructions at the [Substrate Developer Hub](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/getting-started/#manual-installation).

### Build

> Once the development environment is setup, build the node template. This command will build the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the development environment is set up, build the node template. This command will build the
```

Author: Should we change this on line 20 too then?

Author: I know I see
